Probably, someone will consider my action infant and naive, maybe as just a hysteria.
But right now in that very moment - this is my answer to the world on this letter.
Forgive me generously, if someone got hurt or considering this deed completely tactless.
I'm ready to take responsability for any of the consequences of my acts. I'm not expect,
that someone other will do the same, but myself can't do otherwise.

Hold on for a moment. Stop. Left todays perspective of tomorrow, left all that lead you to
this moment. Look around, but take thought. Don't be attached to the time, to your
joys and hurts, your fears and needs:

- Do I want to see the world around me as it going on right now?

Don't say - it's just a fantasy, anyway this can't be real! The question is not
about can it be or not. This is your and mine reality going on right now. For the being
of the universe - we are just a moment. But ask yourself, as you are a human, a child of
your mother - planet Earth. Put away all your todays life experience:

- What can I do right now to let prosper so immature human race, stopped to be angry and
  fear, gratefully forgiving our centuries-old long and compicated past?

The world (in russian "world" and "peace" are the same word) should never be a war. Don't
say, there is no peace without a war. Peace means itself - without a war. Without hate,
resentments and jealousy. But in understanding and mutual help, in our collective and
constructive growth.

The farther misfortune happening, the more minor it seems to us. And even more, for us
it's just someone other misfortune. Until it's around us. We all, all the humanity are
responsible in our history for our future. Our parents are talking instead of us, they are
protecting our future. Bot now our parents are in a brutal quarrel. And their childrens
are echoing them - playing the war with each other. We are afraid, each for it's own
future, but we are also afraid to admit, this future - is our common future... It's
extrimely difficult, I know. And all of us awaiting someone other will solve all things
peacefully. But only together we could be the peace/the world. Each human on this planet.
And maybe then in historys textbooks will be written a great day, when all the humanity
together with peace stopped the last war.

We are so alike, but I know - each have it's own world. And we just starting to really
understand each other.

With all the personal respect, same for all the human being, I'm asking first persons of
all the goverments and companies in the world to reply this letter in public:
* Russia, Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin
* Ukraine, Volodymyr Oleksandrovych Zelenskyy
* United Nations, Antonio Manuel de Oliveira Guterres
* European Union, Ursula Gertrud von der Leyen
* North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Jens Stoltenberg
* United States of America, Joseph Robinette Biden Jr.
* People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping
* ...
* Every human, who feels responsible for future of the humanity.

I don't know, how many recipients will read this text, and who it will be. This letter I
will try to send using known for myself channels to the organizations and peoples I know.

Now I will go, and maybe last time, with a calm in mind will enjoy a walk on my lovely
town. Forgive me, humanity.

Zuev Nikita Viktorovitch (V.Slavski!)
26.06.1988
Russia, Kaliningrad, Aeroportnaya 1-A, 2, 59

+79527944794
v.slavski@gmail.com
slavski@inbox.ru
https://vk.com/v.slavski
https://github.com/vslavski/letter
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lD91rs33oJ6MOg1LoYEshIA4BcC1F-nSaVNGVjBacJ8/preview
https://disk.yandex.ru/i/rvJRomn_AVkXvA
